alright well just for a little bonus I
managed to free up a couple more minutes
today and uh I'm gonna play more golf
Agnes that's right because I fucking
want to and if you don't like it well
you can fucking you know lick my hairy
ballsack I really don't give a fuck all
right another scrubby online r you here
we go
oh yes another Ryu player who only plays
Ryu probably does the same pattern
bullshit probably abuses online probably
fucking I sex with his mother
this could be the biggest pattern review
I've ever seen in my life really that
was a flash paper okay watch this right
through that shit motherfucker coo coo
flipmode in your face scrubs beware
you're in for a scare basic guile beat
your ass scrubs bua hair oh my god
Oh
Oh scrub the Gulf scrub your nightmare
has a ride whatever will you do all
you'll eat two days watch this the same
shit again oh I'm gonna be candid here
you are awful basic i'll defeat scrubby
online ryu and yes please upload that
replay everyone please copy what i just
did and destroy all online show those
scrubs from now on because i'm tired of
it